# Gwent-data Card Generator
This PHP script reads the content of the cards.json file generated by **Gwent Data** and generate cards images to be used with Gwent tools.

## Requirement
The script needs PHP >= 5.6 installed with Imagick and Imagick PHP extension installed. It can be called using HTTP or command line.

The Gwent cards artworks need to be extracted from the game using the *high* card size (located in the `high.standard` game file)  with their original filenames. The [Unity Assets Bundle Extractor](https://github.com/DerPopo/UABE) can be used for this.

## Installation
1. If you're not familiar with `composer`, [download it](https://getcomposer.org/) and [install the dependencies](https://getcomposer.org/doc/01-basic-usage.md#installing-dependencies) of the script.
2. Copy the cards artworks into the `assets/artworks/` folder.
3. In the `card_generator.php` file, change the value of :
  - `DS` if you're using Windows
  - `VERSION` to get the right Gwent version
  - `DEBUG` if you don't need progression messages
  - `CARDS_NUMBER` to specify how many cards should be generated to the max
4. Copy the last `cards.json` generated file in the same folder as `card_generator.php`

## Generating the cards
There is two way to generate the cards :
1. Generate all the cards the json file contains by simply calling the script
2. Generate a few specific cards (ideal for updates) by giving the ID of the cards.
  - From the command line : ```php card_generator.php -cards 112101 112102 112105...```
  - From HTTP : ```localhost/card_generator.php?cards=112101,112102,112105,...```
To be sure the artwork exists for a card, it would be generated only if the value of `released` is 1 in the json file.

Each card will be generated in the `images/**GWENT_VERSION**/**CARD_ID**/**VARIATION_ID**/` folder, with 4 different size versions (original, high, medium, low, thumbnail).

## TODO
The script is an adaptation of what I built for my Gwent fan-website, and still need future improvements.
